= SolrPanel

* http://github.com/rlasch/solrpanel

== DESCRIPTION:

SolrPanel is a lightweight package used to access Apache Solr, specifically the Solr Cell module.  It is far from what would be called full feature.  As this library matures, I'm hoping to fill out the functionality.

== SYNOPSIS:

Adding Documents

To add a document, invoke update and commit on a Solr::Panel instance.

      solr = SolrPanel::Client.new
      solr.update(document.source.path, document.id, {'literal.company_id' => document.company_id})
      solr.commit


Deleting Documents

To delete a document, invoke delete and commit on a Solr::Panel instance.
      solr = SolrPanel::Client.new
      solr.delete(document_id)
      solr.commit


Searching Documents

To search for documents, class the search method with the search string.

    sunlight = SolrPanel::Client.new
    @results = sunlight.search(@search.search_string)
    if @results
      doc_list = @results.collect() do |r|  
        r.id
      end
    end


== REQUIREMENTS:

The following gems are required:
* httpclient
* nokogiri

== INSTALL:

This should come as no surpise:

sudo gem install solrpanel

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Robert Lasch and Ryan Stawarz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
